Brandon's got a nice bass on over there
I'm just going to go over and let you
guys get some view this point there's a
nice small mocha cut that on a
chartreuse twister tail will get a close
look at this back nice fish man hold
that sucker up let's see next little
smaller you're sticking right by it fits
nicely good there's a nice little small
he probably about 18 inches nice little
bass there we go cut this nice bass here
it's probably about 18 inches again
really nice bass looks like it's a nice
female who just finished spawning it's
got nice and skinny but beautiful bass
I'm going to take a quick pic and put it
back in the water
there's a nice bass mark taught Brandon
stepdad is brandon with it Oh Bob again
that's a nice nice bass right there 19
is about okay let's get him quick close
up of that guy monster hey guys called
another nice little Smalley probably
about 10 inches gave up a real nice
fight just got them out of this little
deep shoreline right here right along
the edge there and some weeds nice
little guy I'm catching them on a show
truce jig head and wait twister 20
Brandon's got one right there oh my god
double-header beautiful I'm going to go
over there with my fish and I'm going to
go look at his fish and this is just
going to be a nice video right here oh I
did a little wipeout story about that
guy
Brandon what's this officially there's a
nice little hog to see one mark cot and
looks like it seemed the potent physical
oh the exact same one mark oh that's
funny caught him on the exact same thing
too I'm going to release this fast and
we'll take a look at brandons there he
goes here we go here's brandon's nice
bass all right